So other we've learned how to apply CSSA to different portions of our HGL.
We're going to in the next 50 years look in more detail at specific CSSA styles and we'll start with
one that we've looked at already and that is color.
So we've already looked at two different ways of changing the color of your document.
So the first is applying the color of the text and for that we just use color and then whatever color
we want.
The other one we've seen is changing the background color of an object and that's pretty easy as well.
Background Dasch color and then whatever color you want.
Of course are not all colors have names.
You might want to be a little bit more precise about the color that you want rather than just plowing
the browser to decide what sort of blue you want.
And there's a much more accurate way to use to get perfect colors and that is using age TNL color codes.
So have a quick google HVM l color coats and that will take you to most likely a similar color codes
dot info or similar site.
So I'm going to use this nice diagram here.
And then we can click on any of those squares to get a particular color code for that color.
So let's say I want to use that particular shade of green.
I think I'd say it is then this here is what's known as it's alphanumeric because it's got letters and
numbers in it.
Color code if I want to use that instead of a name for the color will I do is I replace the name Pink
with the code and notice that we need to have a hash symbol before the code and my text editor here
even knows what color that is.
Which is nice.
So then if we go back and have a look at our page that background has changed to that nice light green
So that's more or less all there is to it just to show you on HCM l color code so them for you can also
use a color picker which allows you to be a lot more accurate and you can choose a whole range of different
colors and shades and it will give you the color code for that.
So let's say we want to sort of lightish blue here and we can just copy that.
C'mon see our control-C.
And then I can make that the background for my second section.
Of course I do need to put the hash at the beginning.
And then we get one final thing before we move them.
You'll notice this little eyedropper that's appeared up in Chrome plug in called Color Zyla.
There's lots of similar plugins that do the same thing but this is the one that I use.
It works and it's really simple.
And what that allows you to do is essentially steal any color from any web site or app that to use in
your page.
So for example I really liked the color in Google's logo on that G there.
And I wanted to use that particular color in my website somewhere.
I would take my eyedropper having installed color Zilah or something similar and then pick a color from
page and then you can see what's happening here is as I move my cursor around it's picking up the colors
underneath it and giving me the code for it.
So if I get over that then it's it's got that nice blue color.
So if I click it's now copied that color to the clipboard.
So if I then changed my blue here.
From the default blue to that particular color code then I now get a much nicer sort of softer blue
than I had before.
So that's a nice cheeky way if you see on the web a color that you like the look of then use colors
Zilah to steal it and apply it in your own web pages.
Great.
So that's how we use any color we want in our Web.
Next video we'll look at the arrangement of our HTL elements using floating.